# Recycled-Connections

A adafruit sound FX board is connected to an amplifier, which is then connected to a large speaker. The pinouts connect to the stem of the leaves, and the GND wire is touched to the pads to trigger a sound effect. It worked! Bunches of leaves will be made and connected to larger gauge wire.

The main component of this piece is the paper mulch leaves, using a common home and DIY method of recycling paper. The recycled paper I chose was basic newspaper that I would get for free in Seattle, delivered to me without my own request. Typically I would use this paper as a place-setting for projects, so not only did I have an odd surplus of newspaper at my ready disposal, newspaper provided a specific snapshot of time. The dated newspapers were records of the current times, political climate, recent crime that happened a few blocks over, and showcased the various ads and products that were popular (or at least being heavily pushed to by) at the time. 

I thought this would be an interested concept of transhumanism and the anthropecene because of this unanticipated cycle of rebirth. The process itself was weird, to take paper, a refined piece of tree and return it to this unnatural state of being that mimicked and mocked the natural state of tree, similar to the wooden bench boats that house one tree in it at the University of Washington, and other urban locations. To take pieces that also held human information yet rejecting the human form, just like in the process of photogrammetry, the software deleted the motions and movements of people but retains the snapshot of buildings and graffitti as the only known infortmation that people were there. And to top it off, the faux leaves would play the sounds of nature, mocking the viewer/listener with this robotic and fake sense of all things natural.

The newspaper was hand-ripped and placed into the blender. About a tablespoon of graphite powder was poured into the cup, and then a dab of Bare conductive paint was added. The conductive material was added in hopes that the leaf itself become a conductor, but didn't end up working. I added water in varying amounts per batch and then blended them together. The mixture would then become an unrefined black pulp, which I then dumped onto an oil shield (used for cooking), spread the mixture semi-evenly across the pan and then dabbed the excess moisture off the paper. Each piece of circular paper was placed on a baking sheet to dry. This process would overall take the longest to do and took several sessions over a few weeks, and a picture of the dried product could be seen in "Blended Mulch." 

In the file "Leaf Testing", small aluminum wire is connected to the paper mulch leaves via a jewelry clamp and then soldered at the joint. The individual wires join together at various lengths and twist together. The shape imitates a cluster of leaves on a twig. The three leaves look variously different, the copper pad (left), Bare Conductive Paint (middle), and one as plain mulch with the graphite powder (right). I decided to continue my project using the copper pad design.

It was off to making the final sculpture! Each leaf was cut by hand, since the paper itself dried not completely flat, and was actually quite fragile to handle that I did not believe it would survive the cutter. Each piece had a copper stripe attached to it, where the jewelry clamp made its connection. 

Large wires made the basic structure, and then varying amounts of bunches of twigs with leaves were strapped to the larger flame. I couldn't actually solder the wires to create good connection points, including the wire attached to the jewelry clamp, and the pinout wire connected to the sound FX board. So each connection pount/twist of wires was also bound in a smaller and thinner jewelry wire made of aluminum, which made this super cool wired texture. 

After all the leaves were added, I then placed all of the electronics in a 2"x4" box I 3d modelled and printed. 

A red wire hung down from the center of the piece, which was the ground wire. The wire could touch any part of the piece, and would trigger the sound effect "T00.ogg", a field recording of birds that I took at a park in Ravenna, Seattle, WA. The piece was then attached to some bars to the cieling at about a six foot height, and it resembled a mobile. A video of how it works is shown in the video "Final Project Demo."
